{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18660\viewh11660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 blog post - Revocation \
\
	We code every day.  Which is interesting.  It gets quiet and kind of empty.  The room buzzes and there is a lilting crescendo of sound.  Chirp buzz chirp.  The keyboards talk more than anything.  Clip, click chirp.  Sometimes it is staccato.  Tap, tap tap taptaptap.   Running quickly through the keys the sound of the empty room filled with something more than sound.  Something deeper happening but not expressed.  Each keystroke a grain, gathered into piles.  Swept under the rug.  Filling boxes, buckets, every container that was empty now full, sand spilling on the floor, gathering in the corners.\
\
	Sometimes there are breaks.  We stand and talk about our feelings, which seems to bother people for some reason.  Why do our feelings matter, why do we have to feel good about what we are doing? Can\'92t we just code, get on with it.  Move forward and follow directions like good little ants.  There is a factory setting here\
\
	Problem solving is fun.  The little bits that you miss.  An e instead of an i, a semi-colon, and random missing parenthesis.  How long do you search for that missing bracket before you give up, how much frustration is too much frustration.  Do you run with it or do you let it devour you.  Do you find it enlightening or destructive.  As we move farther and deeper into the understanding of the jargon laced context of the world we have chosen to inhabit.  Is it easier to forgot those things or let them be a part of the global scope, that context in which you live.\
\
	Most days eventually you get tired of all the shining pixels.  The sand lifts off the floor and settles in the corner of your eyes, it grinds down, it filters into your hands it glitters and slides agianst the ends of your fingertips and all you want to do is go outside, breath in the sunshine fluttered air and climb up higher than the building you\'92ve been trapped in all day, and yell at the top of your lungs.\
\
\
blog post 2 - Installation \
\
	We got a whiteboard today and surprisingly, it was very loud.  Hammer drills ripping up the brick facing on the side of the wall.  Turning compressed, heated brick into so much dust.  The whiteboard is empty now and the walls have been colonized by little cities of ideas.  In one corner the Unix Commands have set up camp next to the boundaries, they refer to our need to network and use the word based iterm that is alternately fascinating and destructive to every thought I have ever had about computers.  Drag and drop does not apply.  Point and click is a dead end.  It\'92s time to type, fast and correctly, which apparently is a skill I no longer possess.\
\
\
blog post 3 - annulment\
\
On the other side of the room a little camp has formed of the hardworking coders.\
 Zach and Davis are bobbing their heads in time.  Counting spaces, checking line after line of text in red, blue, green, a dull pinkish, grey\'85.\
\
\
blog post 4 -  exercism rush day \
\
\
blog post 5 -  exercism hamming.\
\
This is where it all fell down.  Why was it hard, don\'92t know.  It\'92s hard to know what you need to know when you don\'92t know.  There is an issue, yeh, but with what? The general concept you are trying to think of, the possibility that that concept doesn\'92t exist.  With the limited knowledge tha you have available, you want to solve the problem.  More than want, almost need too.  But how?\
\
blog post 6 -   Designing the invisible \
\
There is an engine inside us that produces, by the millisecond, ideas that restructure light.  In this way, we can live, the tables we sit at; the walls of our houses.  These things only exist because light exists.  Each burning ring of hydrogen bends around us, shatters into little blips and us; in our simple way, we align them.  Columns, rows, little boxes filled with light.  little boxes, little boxes all sitting on the hill and they\'92re all made out of ticky-tacky and they all look just the same. \
\
\
\
}